`azurerm_storage_account` `blob_properties` enhancement (#11301)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/storage_account.html.markdown

* `delete_retention_policy` - (Optional) A `delete_retention_policy` block as defined below.

* `versioning_enabled` - (Optional) Is versioning enabled? Default to `false`.

* `change_feed` - (Optional) A `change_feed` block as defined below.

> * `default_service_version` - (Optional) The default version to use for requests to the Blob service if an incoming request’s version is not specified. Default to `2020-06-12`.

Reviewer: as is the case for most of the Swagger descriptions, this isn't clear:

```suggestion
* `default_service_version` - (Optional) The API Version which should be used by default for requests to the Data Plane API if an incoming request doesn't specify an API Version. Defaults to `2020-06-12`.
```

* `days` - (Optional) Specifies the number of days that the container should be retained, between `1` and `365` days. Defaults to `7`.

---

A `change_feed` block supports the following:

* `retention_in_days` - (Optional) The duration of changeFeed retention in days, between `1` and `146000` days. A null value indicates an infinite retention of the change feed.

---

`last_access_time_tracking_policy` exports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the policy. Default to `AccessTimeTracking`. Current possible value is `AccessTimeTracking`.

* `granularity_in_days` - (Optional) The blob object tracking granularity in days, typically how often the blob object should be tracked. Default to `1`. Current possible value is `1`.

> * `blob_type` - (Optional) An array of predefined supported blob types. Default to `blockBlob`. Current possible value is `blockBlob`.

Reviewer: A few things here:

1. This is an exported block, so needs to be moved below
2. Terraform doesn't support arrays, it's lists
3. The descriptions for `name`, `granularity_in_days` and `blob_type` aren't clear what this does - can we improve this?
4. If `blockBlob` is the only supported value, there's no point exposing this field at this point in time?
